in Israel the first funerals for victims
of the Hamas Terror
attacks here a fallen
soldier here a murdered Festival goer
Gunn down at an allight party age
24 grieving family and friends parents
weeping for children suddenly and
callously taken from them
[Music]
but the shock of hamas's unprecedented
attacks is rapidly morphing into anger
now just a week ago Israel was a divided
country now it appears United in the
face of what it sees as an existential
threat the crisis prompted prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to put aside
political differences and form an
emergency
government including Centrist former
Defense Minister Benny
Gant the state of Israel will be the
strongest state in the
region and a seat also reserved for
opposition leader ya
lapid as Israel continues to boost the
number of soldiers deployed the defense
minister spelled out the government's
intentions in no uncertain
terms the Isis of Gaza will not exist on
our border the IDF will destroy
Hamas and we will hunt down every last
man with the blood of our children on
his hand as politicians come together to
take on Hamas young Israelis are
returning from all over the world to
report for Duty in the military
reserve a medical student in
Lithuania I cannot sit here and uh study
medicine while I know that my friends
are fighting and my family needs
protection this is my time it's my duty
right now A Backpacker in Southeast Asia
to be part of the big operation that
happens in Israel to be part of this
significant times in Israel it looks
likely that the operation could soon
include a ground
offensive Israeli tanks and armored
vehicles continue to arrive at the
border with
Gaza yeah well Focus May beond that
expected Israeli ground campaign into
Gaza but there are also reports tonight
of shootings in both East Jerusalem and
the West Bank for more on that I just
spoke to journalist Samy so in
Jerusalem yeah well as to the shooting
here in East Jerusalem we're talking
about a Palestinian gunman who
approached the police station just
Outside The Old City by the Herald's
gate and the open fire at the police
station wounding uh one policeman
actually two were wounded one was
seriously wounded the other one was more
lightly wounded and then immediately the
police went after him uh they they shot
and and killed him and there was
following that they closed the gates of
the old city of Jerusalem and that's
regarding that
incident
we've seen in the West Bank is something
totally different and uh in the last few
days they have been attacks waged by
settlers against Palestinians burning
Palestinian homes properties and the
worst incident was yesterday uh there
were an incident in the in the village
of KRA in the West Bank and in that
incident there were four Palestinians
who were killed uh eyewitness
from the place are saying that there
were settlers who were there and
shooting and today there were funerals
for these four and the settlers in the
area they organized a campaign to attack
the ambulances in which these bodies
were carried and during this attack
settlers opened fire at the ambulances
and two people were killed so two H
Palestinians were killed today by
settlers and this is just to indicate
the tension and the situation in the
West Bank yes so you've got that
situation in the West Bank and compare
that with what we're seeing right now on
the border between Israel and Gaza the
Prime Minister today Benjamin Netanyahu
he spoke um in the knesset and what was
the message that we heard from him I
mean how close is Israel now to moving
with a ground offensive against the Gaza
Strip
well no doubt that currently Israel is
mounting forces around the the Gaza
Strip and uh we don't know exactly when
this is going to begin uh the idea is
that it's going to be a surprise attack
I mean of course Hamas is expecting
something else other than these air
strikes but I think the way that Israel
is going to go ahead is they're going to
try and and create some kind of a a
surprise effect uh so here everyone is
anticipating but I can tell you that the
whole Israeli Society is now expecting
to have a long campaign analysts here
are talking about months uh the the
schools all over Israel are not
operating and they're going to learning
from distance so there is a kind of a
preparation for this kind of like ground
operation yeah and A disruption for all
of Society in the process Samy as always
we appreciate your reporting thank
you